<div class = "start">
</div>

# Introduction

Ever since I was young, I have known that I am of a different kind. Though I look human, and my parents are human, I have divine magic blood coursing through my veins. My forefathers must have been of celestial nature, they must have lain with humans, but through the many generations, that blood has thinned to the point where their magic do not appear in their genetic makeup. 

However, I am the exception. The brothers and sisters I have and have had are seemingly not born of magic as I am. Thus I have come to the conclusion that I must have been chosen by the Gods, aasimar of race, human in appearance, with the divine soul of the sorcerer people. Because of my own heritage, I have always had a certain interest in anything magical, and how it manifests within our biology; I am magical because my celestial ancestors laid with mortals, but why did I receive magical blood, when my nearest family did not? What part of me is special? These are just a few of the questions that have kept me up many nights in my life and I do believe that I have found the answers, after just thirty five years of living.

In this text, I will expound on my life, thus far, and how I found answers to my burning questions. 

# Chapter 1

My early life was nothing special, though I knew early in life that I was naturally born with magic flowing in me. The family I grew up in was one of modest living, not rich nor poor, but enough to send me to the Kings University of PLACENAME when I became old enough. Though, the parents I had could only afford it because none of the brothers of the family pursued a life of studying. As soon as my curriculum started at PLACENAME UNIVERSITY I found a job as a librarian in the university's library and ensured that I could provide for myself, after which I cut off all family connections I had and never spoke a word to any of them again. I wonder if they even know that I am alive to this day.
The higher education I sought at the university was one of wizardry, some would say that it was a weird choice, given my existing magical capabilities, but if one wants to learn everything about anything, biology and experience is not enough, one must also study it. Though it did not take long for me to stop showing up for class. All the professors were hags and foolish old men, whom even though they knew a lot about magic, clearly did not possess any passion for it any longer. Instead I spent all my time at the library, either working or studying books of magic on my own. The library was filled with books of wonderous magic, that those moronic professors could never teach me, and I wanted to learn it all; every known magical relic, the history of great wizards and sorcerers, the mysterious nature and music magic of druids and bards, the innate magical powers of the fey and those that are alike and so, so much more! It is my greatest regret that I can never read every documentation there is of magic in this world. I lamented as much to my fellow librarians, and they would listen with slight disinterest. I would share my sorrow every so often, until the other librarians must have inevitably grown so tired of it, that they all agreed to a suggestion that one of them had: Since I spent all my free time studying magic, I should put my knowledge to the test and start tutoring in the library, for anyone in my classes who needed help. A brilliant idea! The best way to show ones prowess in a field is teaching others, after all. I am sure the idea only came from their annoyance at my constant talking about magic, and while most people would take offense to that, I am in complete understanding that not everyone shares my obsession with anything magical. I do however, also think that my magic mania shall benefit me once I take up my place among the Gods, while they continue a mortal life. Even then, if the theories about my own existential purpose are wrong, I shall still end up becoming a great mage. Perhaps I could stay in PLACENAME and become the Grand Glass Eye during the crown prince's grand rule, if it suits me. But back to the tutoring. It was a splendid success! I was afraid that it would attract too many people and I would have to deal with bothersome idiots who had no real interest in magic, but took wizardry anyway. This was not the case and I instead ended up with a small group of likeminded wizards. None shared my level of interest of course. Thus the next year of my life at the university was spent studying, working and tutoring. It was through my tutoring group that I would meet Corion, one of the only two people I would privately tutor. I had placed a rule upon myself, that I should not tutor privately to not show favouritism, but I could not help myself, Corion's passion shone nearly as brightly as my own, only he was not born of magical descendance. Even taking into account the breach on my self-imposed restriction, I have always doubted that Corion needed the tutoring, with him being almost as brilliant as myself, when it comes to magic. 

<div class ="end">
</div>